[release] v0.6.6 (#1049)
taichi-dev/taichi: README.md

 - [彭于斌 (archibate)](https://github.com/archibate) (OpenGL Compute Shader backend)
 - [Mingkuan Xu (xumingkuan)](https://github.com/xumingkuan) (IR optimization & standardization)

> [Kenneth Lozes (KLozes)](https://github.com/KLozes) and [Yu Fang (squarefk)](https://github.com/squarefk) have also made notable contributions.

Reviewer: Why not move KLozes and squarefk to the list above too?

Reviewer 2: second this

Reviewer 3: No feelings hurt here! You guys on the above lust have done ton more work than me!

Author: Thanks for the proposal and for understanding. I actually think, for now, the existing description achieves a good trade-off between *visibility* and *fairness*.

Of course, the list will be updated in the future whenever necessary.

[[List of all contributors to Taichi]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/graphs/contributors)

-------------------------------

The Simplified Chinese documentation (简体中文文档) was created by [Ark (StephenArk30)](https://github.com/StephenArk30). Significant contributions are made by:
  - [彭于斌 (archibate)](https://github.com/archibate)

>   - [Danni (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni)

Reviewer 2: - [Danni Li (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni)

>   - [Danni (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni)

Reviewer 2: - [Danni Li (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni)

>   - [Rex (rexwangcc)](https://github.com/rexwangcc)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - [Chengchen Wang (rexwangcc)](https://github.com/rexwangcc)
```
Seems like folks are using their full names here, maybe I should do it too...

Reviewer 2: same haha

  - [jianzhouwan (ArkhamWJZ)](https://github.com/ArkhamWJZ)

> [[List of all contributors to the Simplified Chinese documentation of Taichi]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi-docs-zh-cn/graphs/contributors)

Reviewer: Btw, how about to move this list to taichi-docs-zh-cn/README.md? So no this long desc needed.

Reviewer 5: Good idea ;)  Thanks for your guys amazing work! I'm just doing what I can (>▽<)
Btw, may I use my Chinese name?
- 万健洲(ArkhamWJZ)

Author: I think we should keep the list here for more visibility. Of course, feel free to maintain a more detailed version there if you want.

[Kenneth Lozes (KLozes)](https://github.com/KLozes) and [Yu Fang (squarefk)](https://github.com/squarefk) have also made notable contributions. [[List of all contributors]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/graphs/contributors)

-------------------------------

The Simplified Chinese documentation (简体中文文档) was created by [Ark (StephenArk30)](https://github.com/StephenArk30). Significant contributions are made by:
  - [彭于斌 (archibate)](https://github.com/archibate)
  - [Danni (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni)
  - [Rex (rexwangcc)](https://github.com/rexwangcc)
  - [jianzhouwan (ArkhamWJZ)](https://github.com/ArkhamWJZ)
  - [[List of all contributors]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi-docs-zh-cn/graphs/contributors).

-------------------------------

> If you would like to contribute to Taichi, **please check out our [Contributor Guidelines](https://taichi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributor_guide.html).**

Reviewer: Why this is gone?
```suggestion
We welcome feedback and comments. If you would like to contribute to Taichi, **please check out our [Contributor Guidelines](https://taichi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributor_guide.html).**
```

Author: I feel like our active maintenance already implies that *We welcome feedback and comments.* So we don't really need this...

Reviewer: Simply put `If you would like to contribute to Taichi` sounds rude to me. It sounds like persuading people to contribute to us as volunteer, with no welcome provided.

Author: Sounds good. Let's keep the old version.

[Kenneth Lozes (KLozes)](https://github.com/KLozes) and [Yu Fang (squarefk)](https://github.com/squarefk) have also made notable contributions. [[List of all contributors]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/graphs/contributors)

> The Simplified Chinese documentation (简体中文文档) is mainly contributed by [Ark (StephenArk30)](https://github.com/StephenArk30), [彭于斌 (archibate)](https://github.com/archibate), [Danni (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni),
> [Rex (rexwangcc)](https://github.com/rexwangcc), and [jianzhouwan (ArkhamWJZ)](https://github.com/ArkhamWJZ). [[List of all contributors]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi-docs-zh-cn/graphs/contributors).
> 

Reviewer: How about to follow the form above, use `created by` for @StephenArk30 just like in L53?
```suggestion
The Simplified Chinese documentation (简体中文文档) is created by [Ark (StephenArk30)](https://github.com/StephenArk30). Significant contributions are made by:
  - [彭于斌 (archibate)](https://github.com/archibate)
  - [Danni (isdanni)](https://github.com/isdanni)
  - [Rex (rexwangcc)](https://github.com/rexwangcc)
  - [jianzhouwan (ArkhamWJZ)](https://github.com/ArkhamWJZ)
  
  [[List of all contributors]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi-docs-zh-cn/graphs/contributors).
```
```

Author: Thank you! Sounds good!
